It's in the last video we went ahead and implemented the showcase.
Customize your options so we can now edit the showcase.
Also the social icons and social buttons.
Now what I want to do is work on the banner down here as well as the animation.
All right now the animation right now works where using animated CSSA that's really easy to implement
.
What I want to have an option to actually shut it off.
So we're going to do that as well.
All right.
So let's start with the banner.
Now I'm going to open up inside of the ink folder we have customized dot p p.
We're going to go down to the bottom of this function and add a new section.
So I'm going to paste this in.
This is the bottom banner section.
OK we're adding it using WP customize add section just like we did with the the ones above.
All right.
Now this is going to have a background image settings just like the Showcase area.
So we're going to paste that in.
We have the setting and then we have the control.
OK we're using this W.P. customized image control just like we did in the showcase.
We're also going to have an area for the heading of the banner.
So put that in there
and that's it for the band or that's all we need are those two settings so let's save that.
And if we go to the customize or in the back end we should now have a bottom banner section and we can
create the end we can upload the image and we can change the heading.
All right so let's implement these on the front end.
We're going to go to p p and we want to go to right here where we have this banner style and I'm just
going to replace this with the dynamic version.
OK so we're just getting the R from get the mod and then banner image and then the default.
We're just pointing to the template you are l and then to the banner image.
All right.
We're still using the no repeat center center options.
Now for the banner heading we're going to save that and then go into the forward file and down to where
we have.
Or is it right here.
OK.
So we're going to replace the static hatting
with that.
So get the mod banner heading and then just the default text that you want save that it's go to the
front end and reload.
You can see we have the default options if we go to the back end and let's go to bottom banner and let's
remove the US we'll just say follow on social media reload and you can see that that's coming from the
customized.
All right.
Now for the animation that's actually going to be pretty easy.
We're going to go into the header file and we're just going to create a conditional that's saying if
it's enabled then we want this anime dot CSSA to be included.
If not then we won't.
All right but before we can do that we need to add the actual section.
All right so we're going to add a new section here in our customize.
And this is going to be a miscellanea.
So if you have any other things that you want to include as far as the customize or you could put them
in here.
OK.
So calling it Misc and then we're going to paste in the the animation option.
OK so we have the setting which is called animation or setting the default to 1 and then down here with
our control we're going to use this W.P. customized control.
All right.
And you want to make sure that you use type checkbox.
And let's see.
Yeah that should do it.
So let's save that.
And now in the back end we should see a new section misc options and we have a naval animation which
by default is checked because we set the default to 1.
So now we want to do is go back to the header.
And like I said we're just going to have a conditional statement here and we're just going to say
if we say if get theme mod and we want the animation option to fall it will be 1.
So if it's enabled then this link is going to be included.
So save it by default.
It should be enabled.
So you can see the animations enabled if we go back and reload this first and then uncheck it save go
back reload and see there's no animation.
All right so that's working.
So our customize our area is complete in the next video we're going to work on the front page.
And we're also going to create a page for our blog